Replace `SynchronousAdapter` with `SynchronousPushHandler` (#270)
yiisoft/yii-queue: README.md

For production use, you should install an adapter package that matches your message broker ([AMQP](https://github.com/yiisoft/queue-amqp), [Kafka](https://github.com/g41797/queue-kafka), [NATS](https://github.com/g41797/queue-nats), and [others](docs/guide/en/adapter-list.md)).
See the [adapter list](docs/guide/en/adapter-list.md) and follow the adapter-specific documentation for installation and configuration details.

> If you don't have an external broker — whether for development, testing, or because you want to
> design around `QueueInterface` from day one and add a real broker later — you can run the queue
> in [synchronous mode](docs/guide/en/synchronous-mode.md) (the adapter argument is optional).
> In this mode messages are processed immediately in the same process, so it won't provide true

> > async execution, but call sites stay the same when you switch to a real adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> async execution, but the code stays the same when you switch to a real adapter.
```
